And welcome back. We're in head right back out to the House GOP weekly press briefing. We are going to hear in just a moment from House Speaker Mike Johnson. They've been talking about a range of issues relating to President Donald Trump's agenda as well as this executive order. The president is expected to sign today related to women's sports. Let's head back over to this press conference. Well, good morning. It's great to see everyone. An overflow crowd. It's as if there's a lot of news happening or something. I don't know. I want to start this morning by addressing a few things we've heard this week from our Democrat colleagues. It's been pretty surprising. Here's a few quotes. Shut down the city. We are at war. We're going to fight it in the streets. It was said. This is what the beginning of a dictatorship looks like. This is their reaction to the flurry of activity that's come out of the new administration. And the president is doing exactly what he said on the campaign trail that he is going to do. It would do. And he's delivering on that. And we're a big part of that. We're going to do it as well. Meanwhile, the Democratic Party truly is seemingly lost. They have no rudder. They have no vision. They have no clear leader. The only message they have is anti-President Trump. And we've all seen that that's a failed strategy time after time. And it's not just rhetoric. I mean, this week, Democratic leadership sent a letter to their members that you all saw that the media characterized as a war plan to take on President Trump. And the letter that Democrats laid out the foundation for a government shutdown, that's their plan to stop President Trump. And the question we're all asking is why do they want to stop them? Is it because President Trump is working to bring more oversight to USAID for its mismanaged spending? Is it because he's using a threat of tariffs to negotiate with trade partners and secure our borders? Is it because Doge is looking at contracts and helping to carry out President Trump's promises of making government more efficient? By laying the foundation for a shutdown and the way that they are, the Democrats are changing their tune on government shutdowns. Remember, there's the ones that are apoplectic all the time about the terrible harm that it would exact on the country. But because President Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do, they've changed their tune. And I think you all should be asking them about that change of heart and the hypocrisy that is just on open display. When President Trump said he would unleash American energy dominance and reduce the size of the government and deport dangerous illegal aliens and make American communities safe again, he meant what he said. And that's what we're seeing. He made campaign promises and now he's moving at a quick pace to deliver on them. What a concept. As I said in an interview yesterday morning, I think it was that I think it's demonstrably true that President Trump has now done more for the American people in his first two weeks than his predecessor did in all four years. And that's going to continue. And in Congress, we're going to work and we are working now to codify that American first agenda through legislative action. You heard two examples of that here. What we'll be doing this week is continuing our efforts to protect American communities by voting on the Halt Fentanyl Act, which will permanently schedule fentanyl and all fentanyl related substances as scheduled one narcotics. Why is that important? Because it empowers law enforcement to seize those deadly drugs and go after their producers and distributors and stop the flow. It is an unspeakable tragedy that has now gone on for over four years. We have more than 200 Americans lose their lives every single day on average to fentanyl. And it's a crisis that demands our immediate action and that's what the President is doing and that's what we're doing. The Halt Fentanyl Act builds on President Trump's efforts from earlier this week to secure our border southern end, northern borders and keep illicit drugs out. Republicans are taking decisive, strong and immediate action to rid American communities of this poison. Elections have sometimes very positive consequences and that's what you're seeing here. Meanwhile, we're also going to unleash American energy dominance. They're protecting American Energy Production Act is so important because President Biden and his administration clearly waged a war on American-made energy, particularly oil and gas producers. And we're going to make sure this doesn't happen again. So we pass this legislation and no future administration will be able to put a halt on fracking which produces so much of the energy in this country has to be protected. House Republicans are delivering on our promises and there is a lot more to come. I'm sure you have a few questions this morning, so we'll be there. Starting from here. Can you address this situation that President Trump is suggesting moving into Gaza? Is that an America-first policy to send American soldiers into one of the most volatile regions in the world? And then suggest that the U.S. take control of the region that it has no claims to? I look, there'll be more details forthcoming on that, of course, the initial announcement. Yesterday, I think, was greeted by surprise by many, but cheered by I think people all around the world. Why? Because that area is so dangerous. And he's taken bold decisive action to try to ensure the peace of that region. It's a bold move certainly, far bolder than what's been done before. But I think we've got to stand unequivocally in an unwavering manner, as the President controlled that situation and bring about a lasting peace there. It would do well for everybody, not just in the region, but around the world. It's a volatile place. And I think the strong and decisive move is an important step in that regard, as was noted earlier. Prime mention of Netanyahu being the first international leader to meet with the President and the White House is more than symbolism, but it is a sim. And it shows the world that we're not going to equivocate. The previous administration did that. They tried to appease Iran and by extension, its proxies, terrorists, and they frankly encumbered Israel in so many times. You're seeing a reversal of that now that is very important development. I think our allies around the world appreciate that. I know because I talk to lots of leaders around the world. And they've been very nervous about the instability there. I think this could be a bold step in that regard. So let's withhold judgment on all of it. You'll see more developments as they come. Background. So here's the thing on the federal department of ed. It's been a discussion point and a priority for our party for a long time. See, we believe in the core principle that education is best handled by the people closest to the kids. What does that mean? It means local school districts, local school boards. It means at the state level rather than the federal level. We think you empower parents when you do that. You give them more choice in that. So that's why we're advocates for school choice. That's where we're advocates for charter schools and innovative ideas. And I think you can return American education to a place of prominence and success if you allow those things to happen. The teachers unions will viciously fight, of course, any idea of disbanding the federal department of education. But I think the principle is one that is the time is come. We've all seen the ratings. I mean, the U.S. is falling for our behind other countries because the system is not working. So, President Trump ran for president and we ran to hold the majority here. We assured the people that we would make big, bold decisions to change things. And I think that is an idea whose time has come. And again, you know, like everything else, we've got to wait for more details to be laid out. But you're going to see a lot of support among the House and I think Senate Republicans for the general idea of pushing the decisions down, back down to the local level. I think that's something that would service all will. I just want you to be clear, though. I know you said what President said yesterday was bold and decisive, but yes or no, do you believe the U.S. should take control of Gaza? And is that a position you're going to reaffirm with the Prime Minister when he's here? Well, I look forward to meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu, who is a lot to discuss. I've been a very close ally of his and to be frank, for the last four years. I think I was probably the highest rank member of the federal government who was unequivocally supporting Israel and the Prime Minister. So we'll have that discussion. I mean, he obviously has much more expertise on the issue than I do. But as I said earlier, we await further details on what exactly that looks like. This is a bold decisive move. And I think you have to do something to eradicate the threat to Israel. Here's the problem. If you leave Gaza in its current form, there's always a risk of another October 7th. And there's always a risk of proxies of Iran, all these terrorist organizations who've stated openly stated goal is to eliminate Israel as a state. So it just makes sense to make the neighborhood their safer. I think that's logical. I think it follows common sense. I think people understand the necessity of it. And we're going to stand with Israel as they work towards this goal. And we'll stand with the President on his initiative. Chad, last one. Back that power then is pertains to education. If you eliminate the partner of education. No, look, I got a challenge to the premise of the question, Chad. You know me. I'm a fierce advocate and defender of Article 1. I mean, look, we are the legislative branch. There's a reason the founding fathers put the Congress, the legislative branch, as the first article in the Constitution. And we're going to vigorously defend that. But what's happening right now? I think there's a gross overreaction in the media to what is happening. The executive branch of government in our system has the right to evaluate how executive branch agencies are operating and to ensure that not only the intent of Congress in funding mechanisms, but also the stewardship of precious American taxpayer dollars is being handled well. That's what they're doing by putting a pause on some of these agencies and by evaluating them by doing these internal audits. That is a long overdue, much welcome development. That's what the American people demand and deserve. And that's what's happening. So we don't see this as a threat to Article 1 at all. We see this as an active, engaged, committed executive branch authority doing what the executive branch should do. They have broad discretion in all the funding, as you all know, because you follow this. When Congress funds an agency that gives broad discretion to the executive branch on how it's administered, they're using that authority right now in a way it hasn't been used in a long time. So it looks radical. It's not. I call it stewardship. I think they're doing right by the American taxpayer. And we support that principle when it comes to the point of codification and legislation and all the rest will be evaluating all those things. But right now, I think they're acting within the scope of their authority. There's be legal challenges. The courts will have some things to say about this. But as far as I'm concerned, Chad, this is not a usurpation of authority in any way. It's not a power grab. I think they're doing what we've all expected and hoped and asked that they would do for years. Members of the legislative branch in Congress in the House have asked for details. They've asked for, you know, the expenses of USAID. I mean, look, look, this is what was uncovered. Three, just quick examples. I mean, you tell me if this is unreasonable. Some of the stuff that the money who's been spent on that we didn't even know crazy examples that came out. Look, $100 million on initiatives like expanding atheism in the Paul. That's what American taxpayers should be paying for. No way. Transgender operas in Columbia, drag shows in Ecuador. No way. The American people want us to, we have a $36 trillion federal debt. It is a serious threat to the future and security of our nation. We got to spend money better. And if this executive branch and this White House is going to take the initiative to dig in and find those details and expose them, we applaud it. We're all on board. Thanks so much. That was just moments ago. House Speaker Mike Johnson, as we were hearing from members of the House GOP speaking on President Donald Trump's agenda as well as other topics and a big topic that you did hear them talking about throughout this press conference. Was this executive order that President Trump is set to sign today? It's designed to prevent people who are biologically assigned male at birth from participating in women's or girls sporting events. Anything on that, of course, we will bring to you here on live now from Fox. Another lie that then going on right now that we are going to pivot to, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman James Comer announced that this committee is going to be holding this hearing title to write sizing government. It's happening right now and out the hearing, they're going to be looking at the dramatic growth and the size of the federal government. And whether this has led to excess costs or inefficient services for the American people. On the other side of this will be my colleague Stephanie Quinn you. Thanks so much for watching live now from Fox. My name is Kristi Matino. We're going to head over to that briefing right now. Time here is the National Emergencies Act. We have spent $12 trillion over the last instance of Bill Clinton and it's up one third of our national debt. I would love to work with you in regards to cleaning these up, cleaning them out and getting some aspects and assets back to the people. Thank you. I yield back to Jim and Yosvac chair now recognizes ranking member for six minutes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for consideration. Governor Reynolds, welcome and your story is a very impressive one. I was the chairman of the county of 1.2 million people, 1.3 your population. And what you talk about resonates with somebody like me hands on trying to make sure things work. Right. I will has a population design standard of 3.2 for million people and you've got a state workforce of 16,700 full-time employees. Is that correct? That's correct? Yes. Now of course with respect to the federal government, we're talking about 2.4 million. So there it's not only a matter of scale. I mean we're just talking about very different kinds of entities. That doesn't mean we can't learn from a state like Iowa. But I do think that the challenges we face at the federal level are formidable different than what we face in my county or your state. As I said, it doesn't mean we can't learn from it at all. And I listen carefully to you. Is my understanding correct that in order to effectuate the reforms you probably championed today, you put on the payroll your wealthiest donor who came in and decided what agencies to abolish, which cabinet members were to go, how many people would it be fired, and other kinds of decision making that was imbued with him or her. Is that how you did it in Iowa? Your wealthiest donor took that lead. No, that's a complete misstatement. And first of all, we did it without any layoffs whatsoever. We made that commitment when we moved into our room. No layoffs. Absolutely no layoffs. Well, I was able to eliminate 600 open positions that had been open for over a year. But through the transition process and what we've been able to accomplish, we did that right now without laying off any state of choice. Excuse me, because my time is limited governor, I don't mean to be interrupting you. But so the idea that your wealthiest donor kind of shepherded it all of this is false. So we're listening in there as a House committee is talking about the size of the federal government. But right now, I do want to head over here live as House Democrats are now holding their meeting after the Republicans did theirs. We're going to listen it. And Republicans in control, America will be less safe and more expensive. We are less safe because an unelected billionaire with controversial ties to China has access to personal information for every American, including potentially tax and social security information. We're less safe because President Trump released violent criminals into our communities. Some with records of domestic violence, rape, and attacking police officers. We are less safe because hundreds of FBI agents are on the verge of being fired for not being sufficiently loyal to Donald Trump. Women who serve in the military are less safe today because of an executive order Donald Trump signed preventing them from traveling across state lines to seek abortion care. America is more safe because America is more expensive because egg prices are at an all time high. And Republicans in Congress have not taken a single step to reduce the cost of living. The reckless Republican tariffs will increase costs for households by $1,200 each year. Everything from groceries to alcohol to lumber used to build homes will be more expensive. The Republican ripoff will increase health care costs by stealing from Medicaid to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. The American people voted for solutions to their economic challenges and instead got a corrupt White House and an America that is less safe and more expensive. Vice President Luton. Thank you, Chairman Aguilar. Leader Jeffries has laid out a ten-point plan to fight back against the lawless actions of the Trump administration. That plan has three themes. There's going to be a legislative strategy, a mobilization strategy, and a litigation strategy. To that end, over 25 lawsuits have already been filed. We expect that a number of these actions by the Trump administration will be reversed because all the courts have to do is follow the law. And in fact, if you look at what happened, a number of Trump actions have been stopped or the administration has simply voted. The administration wants you to think that they are invincible, that they are just rolling right along and doing all these things. That is simply not true. A number of times they have been stopped and they have had it back down. So, for example, on the birthright citizenship order, a Reagan-appointed federal judge declared an unconstitutional put an injunction on it. And then with the OMB freeze memo, there was pushback from Democrats, from the American people, and they had to rescind that memo and a judge also declared that memo to be illegal. And then most recently, you saw Trump's signature issue, the tariffs, he backed down because of the reaction from the stock market, the reaction from the American people. Basically, Canada, are doing what they said they were already going to do. So essentially, Donald Trump simply voted on that issue. So, I want people to understand their power to shape public sentiment. And not only are the Trump administration's actions ludicrous, they are harming people. So, and on this example, in California, Donald Trump ordered the Army Corps engineers to release a whole bunch of water from these dams, when no one needed it. So, over 2 billion gallons of water have now been wasted in California. This water from the Northern California isn't even going down to Southern California. As long as you're going to evaporate, when farmers don't need it. And so, Republican Congressman David Valadeo is going to have an answer to his farmers, when in the summer months, they need water and they don't have enough. Those are the harmful actions of this administration. And I want people to understand that pushing back gets this administration too far. Thank you, Ted. Questions? Ryan? Well, Republicans just accused Democrats of being willing to shut down the government. If they don't get their way in terms of these negotiations and push back on Donald Trump. You mentioned the legislative component of your plan to push back against Trump. How far is your conference willing to go to try and prevent what you see as the usurping of congressional authority from Donald Trump? Could it lead to a government shutdown? Could it lead to the debt ceiling not being raised? Where, what is the strategy there? That's on our Republican colleagues. Look, we will meet with folks and we will try to find common ground where it is possible. But what we will not do is engage in an effort that gives Donald Trump money to direct our federal government that he has no plan to utilize or implement. When we pass something, and this is where I would just strenuously object with appropriations chair Tom Cole, who said appropriations isn't law, it's a directive of Congress. I think there's a number of past appropriations chairs who would disagree with that on both sides of the aisle. These, this is law. If we're going to pass law, we need to know that the law is followed. And it doesn't appear that House Republicans are in a position to push back against Donald Trump to protect vital funding that supports our communities. And if they aren't willing to do that, they should just be honest with this. And so we will meet with them. We will talk with them about funding government and the issues of the day. But I think it's pretty clear based on what happened in December, who they answered to. They answered to Donald Trump and Elon Musk. And so we need the certainty that the work, the legislative work that we do will actually be implemented in past. And if we find thoughtful partners on the other side who are willing to do that, we'll engage. Republicans control the White House, the Senate, and the House is completely on Republicans to not have a government shutdown. If they can't get the votes, they're the majority party. It is their fault. If there's a government shutdown. Mika, and some special guests. Thank you, thank you, Jack. I do want to ask, so I know at the same time that a lot of your members, and just now you mentioned, attempts to find common ground with the administration and Republicans while they're in power, I just want to get your reaction to one of your members, Congressman Elbry and Violin, these impeachment articles already. Do you think that's an appropriate step to take given that Trump's only been in all this now for two weeks? Well, it's not a focus of the caucus. Next, Cassie. Two questions for you on California focused with the governor on the Hill today. Are you hoping that these conversations is having leadership as well as being the White House will help with leveraging, you know, California's position and trying to get some of this wildfire aid? And then more broadly, you know, do you feel leader-foon and speaker Johnson are advocating their constitutional authority by allowing the president to step on Congress's authority and how are Democrats planning to push back on that? Uh, the, I'll take the first part. Vice Chair Lew and I were pleased and privileged to be able to join leader-juffries and Whip Clark, along with Brad Sherman and Judy Chu to tour the fire devastation in Palisades and Al Tadina. Our hope, our focus is to make sure that we help our fellow citizens, our Americans across the country, when there are disasters, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, all of that deserves an immediate response. We lift up the work that FEMA and the Army Corps are doing to help residents recover and rebuild. We need to keep the politics out of this and I think that there are a number of Republicans who feel the same way. Thankfully, we'll work in a process that meets the needs of the American public who are going through disasters no matter if they are in a blue state or a red state. So I appreciate the governor being here. It's important to talk about the needs that our residents have, that the residents of Southern California have from these recent, from this recent tragedy. And so we'll continue to work to deliver. On the second part, look, I think it's very clear. I mean, the Constitution is pretty clear, both on spending, as well as the role of Congress. And I do think that Speaker Johnson and Leader Thune are, you know, rushed to deliver as much as they can for President Trump. That is who they answer to, not their constituents or their conferences. But that's who they answer to. And so we see that in everything that they do, from deadlines to bills to the issues of the day. The vice chair mentioned this is on them to deliver funding bills and to deliver for the president. And if they can't do that, they have the votes to do that. We'll see if they can. Chad and Michael. Thank you, good morning. You talk about the pushback by Democrats and President Trump and some of the things the Republicans are trying to do. What is the appropriate approach? Is it to ask Senate Democrats to walk all nominees if possible? At least slow walk them? Is it to take over the streets of Washington, D.C.? And if that's the case, also why then, saying this is not a focus of the caucus on the articles of impeachment from Mr. Bray. I mean, it would seem that if you think that the administration is doing all these, dasperly things, that's something that the caucus wouldn't get to work. Or is that bad to revisit since this guys already been impeached twice and that didn't go to the Democrats' previous? I think the vice chair mentioned it. Our focus, I can't speak to Senate Democrats. It's a different press conference that they don't invite me to. But I think what the vice chair outlined is very clear. Like our focus is on, you know, outreach, mobilizing our communities, being responsive to our communities, litigation strategy, the vice chair laid out, you know, each time these executive orders come before the judges, they've been beaten back or they've been pulled back. Donald Trump does not have success in the court system. But I mean, that both governmentally and personally. So it's very clear that the litigation strategy will be one tool that we can use. And then we have legislative strategies. And I'll let the leader outline those in the coming days, but we need to forcefully ensure that Americans' data is protected and that no third party can walk into the treasury and start downloading information. And so we need to protect the public. That's what we're focused on. That's what House Democrats, this week are focused on. And we'll continue to work through those. I get the question. I get the question. I mean, the vice chair and I are here to talk on behalf of the Democratic caucus. I mean, the answer is still the same. This isn't a focus of the Democratic caucus. We've laid out our strategy, legislative litigation, you know, outreach and communication. And that continues to be the focus. If there are more focuses or if there are new ideas that we feel have the support of the caucus, you'll hear us talk about Michael. There are three or how do we do a small number of House Republicans to join you all to stop some of the cases going on. Have you all targeted any Republicans that members can speak to that you all can kind of communicate with whether it's a private to kind of discuss and get some some feelers on are there any Republicans who could, you know, bypass leadership, family leadership or kind of go against the Trump administration and survival primary to work with you on this one again. Are you all saying because they control all members of government that's up to them, leadership, every system, each of them, a few times that he invites three Republicans to join you on. You all are talking about the South of the Congress. Look, absolutely. In each of us enjoys relationships based on our committees and based on when we came to Congress, the Vice-Chairn, I came together 10 years ago with Republicans, some of the reasonable partners on the other side of the aisle who I've worked with on things have moved on, you know, retired and left this place. And that's unfortunate. But we will continue to have conversations, but what you highlight it is incredibly important. What Republicans say in the hallways and in the elevators is often very different than what they're comfortable, you know, saying and doing in front of a podium to push back against Donald Trump. And so we will highlight a time and time again that it only takes a couple. If you want to protect Americans data at the Treasury Department, join our efforts. If you want to ensure that essential cuts to education in the classroom are not implemented, join us. If you want to protect vital funding for people at nursing homes and young people that have health care, join us. We will engage and have conversations with them if it is around protecting funding and protecting our communities. Now that will not change. What we hope changes is colleagues on the other side of the aisle speaking out and speaking up that they oppose this. We haven't seen that yet, but we're always hopeful. Nick and Joe. I want to ask about the Senate. I'm doing. Do you want to see a more muscular response from the party to his agenda over there, where you still do have some leverage over Republicans? Look, same answer. I'll let the Senate speak to their processes and procedures and what tools they have. I can speak to ours that we have here in the House. This is a majority run institution and so this is a little different. But we will use the levers and the tools available to push back legislatively and to communicate our message about the policies that we see from Donald Trump and House Republicans making us less safe and not lowering costs that people pay. We'll continue to do that and we'll use the levers that we have here in the House to do it. You'll have to ask the folks on the other side of the dome what their tactics and strategies are. Joe. It's my understanding that he's talking to Judy Chu and Brad Sherman, the members who were affected by the tragedies. We all have a line in communication into the California team and so we'll continue to uplift their needs as they arise. We met with FEMA last week. We talked about how much is in the disaster recovery fund of what that looks like. They didn't give us an idea on the timing for a supplemental and where it's needed but they did stress the urgency and the importance of a disaster relief fund and how that is allocating payments to people who are affected. That all runs a risk on March 14th when government funding elapses when Donald Trump turned off the federal funding that also will have an effect on the female recovery efforts. So these are things that we're I'm confident that they have enough money in the short term to meet their needs. That FEMA has enough money in the short term to meet their needs. I can't speak to what is beyond that and the recovery because Congress is going to have to act and it's my hope that we do so in a bipartisan way just as we have in the past with disasters. So literally less than two months ago, Congress passed disaster aid to states such as Florida, South Carolina, Oklahoma. We have a very simple ask. Just treat California disaster victims the same as any other American. Do not treat California disaster victims any differently and we expect that Congress will do that and we look forward to having disaster aid pass as swiftly as possible. You mentioned mobilization as part of the strategy. What are you hearing from cross-retaquists from districts? Do you think there's fresh energy in Democrats here? I think that there's energy around the country, pushing back against some of these policies. We also need to channel that energy. We need to talk with our communities and folks in our communities about our efforts, our legislative efforts and the litigation efforts that are underway. We also need to encourage them. Look, I understand that the anger help us get a couple more folks to support our efforts. Just like we said before, we're only three votes away. Let's work to deliver votes that can push back, that can protect vital funding, that can ensure Americans personal information and is secure at the Treasury Department that can protect vital classroom funding from the Department of Education. That's what this is about. We're engaged in efforts to talk with members in our community about the importance of doing that. Is there any discussion in Congress meeting about the President's remarks last night? I'm Gaza and how does leadership feel about spending money from a sort of project? Shouldn't talk anybody that we don't run through everything that the President says in caucus to respond to? It did not come up, but it is very clear that what the President talked about would make our country less safe and invasion of U.S. troops into Gaza would not make Americans more safe. It would make Americans a target. But this is very clear. I mean, I'm going to just take a wild guess that the President's plans include hotels and resorts and casinos. That's just who he is. But this is not a thoughtful strategy that would keep Americans safe or reduce our defense department costs. Back last one. Is there any preparation of the uncompleted network with Democratic-Origant 20 people? Look, we're focused on the future here. Our job is to build a big coalition that meets the needs of the American public, keeps people safe, lowers costs that every day Americans face. That's what House Democrats are focused on. We welcome anyone and everyone to be part of our coalition in order to do that. But what we will continue to talk about is House Republicans have no strategy. There's no bill on the floor that reduces the costs that Americans face. Nothing that they have outlined would lower grocery prices make rents more affordable, housing more affordable. That's not what Republicans are doing. That's what the American public wants. And so we welcome everyone to be part of our coalition that talks about these issues that people care about. Let me just follow up to what Chairman Aguilar said. This weekend I went to the grocery store with my wife and there were no eggs on the shelves. So the American people want solutions that help them in their lives. Make their prices lower, make sure they have the items that they need at grocery stores. None of this chaos coming from the Trump administration is helping families across America. That's one reason the administration backed down a number of these orders because the administration is not popular. A reminder that Donald Trump won less than half of the popular vote. Donald Trump starts out, according to a Gallup poll, at 47% approval. The lowest of any president since the 1950s. And that's one reason he voted on terrorists. He voted on a freeze memo that his birthright issue was blocked by the courts because he does not have a mandate. No matter how much he tries because he's just not that popular. Thank you. So right there, the House Democrats have just wrapped up their weekly briefing talking about President Trump's agenda pushing back on what we just heard from the Republican House leadership right there. That has now ended. We're going to step away for a two minute break here on live now from Fox continuing to monitor a number of live events that we're going to head to. Including this one right here. This is a live look right here from Washington, DC. This is a rally that is set to get underway. And it's a rally involving members of Congress and former US AID as well as State Department and Department of Defense officials. They are pushing back on the attacks they call it on USAID and foreign assistance. That's taking place right now.
And welcome back. We're in head right back out to the House GOP weekly press briefing. We are going to hear in just a moment from House Speaker Mike Johnson. They've been talking about a range of issues relating to President Donald Trump's agenda as well as this executive order. The president is expected to sign today related to women's sports. Let's head back over to this press conference. Well, good morning. It's great to see everyone. An overflow crowd. It's as if there's a lot of news happening or something. I don't know. I want to start this morning by addressing a few things we've heard this week from our Democrat colleagues. It's been pretty surprising. Here's a few quotes. Shut down the city. We are at war. We're going to fight it in the streets. It was said. This is what the beginning of a dictatorship looks like. This is their reaction to the flurry of activity that's come out of the new administration. And the president is doing exactly what he said on the campaign trail that he is going to do. It would do. And he's delivering on that. And we're a big part of that. We're going to do it as well. Meanwhile, the Democratic Party truly is seemingly lost. They have no rudder. They have no vision. They have no clear leader. The only message they have is anti-President Trump. And we've all seen that that's a failed strategy time after time. And it's not just rhetoric. I mean, this week, Democratic leadership sent a letter to their members that you all saw that the media characterized as a war plan to take on President Trump. And the letter that Democrats laid out the foundation for a government shutdown, that's their plan to stop President Trump. And the question we're all asking is why do they want to stop them? Is it because President Trump is working to bring more oversight to USAID for its mismanaged spending? Is it because he's using a threat of tariffs to negotiate with trade partners and secure our borders? Is it because Doge is looking at contracts and helping to carry out President Trump's promises of making government more efficient? By laying the foundation for a shutdown and the way that they are, the Democrats are changing their tune on government shutdowns. Remember, there's the ones that are apoplectic all the time about the terrible harm that it would exact on the country. But because President Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do, they've changed their tune. And I think you all should be asking them about that change of heart and the hypocrisy that is just on open display. When President Trump said he would unleash American energy dominance and reduce the size of the government and deport dangerous illegal aliens and make American communities safe again, he meant what he said. And that's what we're seeing. He made campaign promises and now he's moving at a quick pace to deliver on them. What a concept. As I said in an interview yesterday morning, I think it was that I think it's demonstrably true that President Trump has now done more for the American people in his first two weeks than his predecessor did in all four years. And that's going to continue. And in Congress, we're going to work and we are working now to codify that American first agenda through legislative action. You heard two examples of that here. What we'll be doing this week is continuing our efforts to protect American communities by voting on the Halt Fentanyl Act, which will permanently schedule fentanyl and all fentanyl related substances as scheduled one narcotics. Why is that important? Because it empowers law enforcement to seize those deadly drugs and go after their producers and distributors and stop the flow. It is an unspeakable tragedy that has now gone on for over four years. We have more than 200 Americans lose their lives every single day on average to fentanyl. And it's a crisis that demands our immediate action and that's what the President is doing and that's what we're doing. The Halt Fentanyl Act builds on President Trump's efforts from earlier this week to secure our border southern end, northern borders and keep illicit drugs out. Republicans are taking decisive, strong and immediate action to rid American communities of this poison. Elections have sometimes very positive consequences and that's what you're seeing here. Meanwhile, we're also going to unleash American energy dominance. They're protecting American Energy Production Act is so important because President Biden and his administration clearly waged a war on American-made energy, particularly oil and gas producers. And we're going to make sure this doesn't happen again. So we pass this legislation and no future administration will be able to put a halt on fracking which produces so much of the energy in this country has to be protected. House Republicans are delivering on our promises and there is a lot more to come. I'm sure you have a few questions this morning, so we'll be there. Starting from here. Can you address this situation that President Trump is suggesting moving into Gaza? Is that an America-first policy to send American soldiers into one of the most volatile regions in the world? And then suggest that the U.S. take control of the region that it has no claims to? I look, there'll be more details forthcoming on that, of course, the initial announcement. Yesterday, I think, was greeted by surprise by many, but cheered by I think people all around the world. Why? Because that area is so dangerous. And he's taken bold decisive action to try to ensure the peace of that region. It's a bold move certainly, far bolder than what's been done before. But I think we've got to stand unequivocally in an unwavering manner, as the President controlled that situation and bring about a lasting peace there. It would do well for everybody, not just in the region, but around the world. It's a volatile place. And I think the strong and decisive move is an important step in that regard, as was noted earlier. Prime mention of Netanyahu being the first international leader to meet with the President and the White House is more than symbolism, but it is a sim. And it shows the world that we're not going to equivocate. The previous administration did that. They tried to appease Iran and by extension, its proxies, terrorists, and they frankly encumbered Israel in so many times. You're seeing a reversal of that now that is very important development. I think our allies around the world appreciate that. I know because I talk to lots of leaders around the world. And they've been very nervous about the instability there. I think this could be a bold step in that regard. So let's withhold judgment on all of it. You'll see more developments as they come. Background. So here's the thing on the federal department of ed. It's been a discussion point and a priority for our party for a long time. See, we believe in the core principle that education is best handled by the people closest to the kids. What does that mean? It means local school districts, local school boards. It means at the state level rather than the federal level. We think you empower parents when you do that. You give them more choice in that. So that's why we're advocates for school choice. That's where we're advocates for charter schools and innovative ideas. And I think you can return American education to a place of prominence and success if you allow those things to happen. The teachers unions will viciously fight, of course, any idea of disbanding the federal department of education. But I think the principle is one that is the time is come. We've all seen the ratings. I mean, the U.S. is falling for our behind other countries because the system is not working. So, President Trump ran for president and we ran to hold the majority here. We assured the people that we would make big, bold decisions to change things. And I think that is an idea whose time has come. And again, you know, like everything else, we've got to wait for more details to be laid out. But you're going to see a lot of support among the House and I think Senate Republicans for the general idea of pushing the decisions down, back down to the local level. I think that's something that would service all will. I just want you to be clear, though. I know you said what President said yesterday was bold and decisive, but yes or no, do you believe the U.S. should take control of Gaza? And is that a position you're going to reaffirm with the Prime Minister when he's here? Well, I look forward to meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu, who is a lot to discuss. I've been a very close ally of his and to be frank, for the last four years. I think I was probably the highest rank member of the federal government who was unequivocally supporting Israel and the Prime Minister. So we'll have that discussion. I mean, he obviously has much more expertise on the issue than I do. But as I said earlier, we await further details on what exactly that looks like. This is a bold decisive move. And I think you have to do something to eradicate the threat to Israel. Here's the problem. If you leave Gaza in its current form, there's always a risk of another October 7th. And there's always a risk of proxies of Iran, all these terrorist organizations who've stated openly stated goal is to eliminate Israel as a state. So it just makes sense to make the neighborhood their safer. I think that's logical. I think it follows common sense. I think people understand the necessity of it. And we're going to stand with Israel as they work towards this goal. And we'll stand with the President on his initiative. Chad, last one. Back that power then is pertains to education. If you eliminate the partner of education. No, look, I got a challenge to the premise of the question, Chad. You know me. I'm a fierce advocate and defender of Article 1. I mean, look, we are the legislative branch. There's a reason the founding fathers put the Congress, the legislative branch, as the first article in the Constitution. And we're going to vigorously defend that. But what's happening right now? I think there's a gross overreaction in the media to what is happening. The executive branch of government in our system has the right to evaluate how executive branch agencies are operating and to ensure that not only the intent of Congress in funding mechanisms, but also the stewardship of precious American taxpayer dollars is being handled well. That's what they're doing by putting a pause on some of these agencies and by evaluating them by doing these internal audits. That is a long overdue, much welcome development. That's what the American people demand and deserve. And that's what's happening. So we don't see this as a threat to Article 1 at all. We see this as an active, engaged, committed executive branch authority doing what the executive branch should do. They have broad discretion in all the funding, as you all know, because you follow this. When Congress funds an agency that gives broad discretion to the executive branch on how it's administered, they're using that authority right now in a way it hasn't been used in a long time. So it looks radical. It's not. I call it stewardship. I think they're doing right by the American taxpayer. And we support that principle when it comes to the point of codification and legislation and all the rest will be evaluating all those things. But right now, I think they're acting within the scope of their authority. There's be legal challenges. The courts will have some things to say about this. But as far as I'm concerned, Chad, this is not a usurpation of authority in any way. It's not a power grab. I think they're doing what we've all expected and hoped and asked that they would do for years. Members of the legislative branch in Congress in the House have asked for details. They've asked for, you know, the expenses of USAID. I mean, look, look, this is what was uncovered. Three, just quick examples. I mean, you tell me if this is unreasonable. Some of the stuff that the money who's been spent on that we didn't even know crazy examples that came out. Look, $100 million on initiatives like expanding atheism in the Paul. That's what American taxpayers should be paying for. No way. Transgender operas in Columbia, drag shows in Ecuador. No way. The American people want us to, we have a $36 trillion federal debt. It is a serious threat to the future and security of our nation. We got to spend money better. And if this executive branch and this White House is going to take the initiative to dig in and find those details and expose them, we applaud it. We're all on board. Thanks so much. That was just moments ago. House Speaker Mike Johnson, as we were hearing from members of the House GOP speaking on President Donald Trump's agenda as well as other topics and a big topic that you did hear them talking about throughout this press conference. Was this executive order that President Trump is set to sign today? It's designed to prevent people who are biologically assigned male at birth from participating in women's or girls sporting events. Anything on that, of course, we will bring to you here on live now from Fox. Another lie that then going on right now that we are going to pivot to, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman James Comer announced that this committee is going to be holding this hearing title to write sizing government. It's happening right now and out the hearing, they're going to be looking at the dramatic growth and the size of the federal government. And whether this has led to excess costs or inefficient services for the American people. On the other side of this will be my colleague Stephanie Quinn you. Thanks so much for watching live now from Fox. My name is Kristi Matino. We're going to head over to that briefing right now. Time here is the National Emergencies Act. We have spent $12 trillion over the last instance of Bill Clinton and it's up one third of our national debt. I would love to work with you in regards to cleaning these up, cleaning them out and getting some aspects and assets back to the people. Thank you. I yield back to Jim and Yosvac chair now recognizes ranking member for six minutes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for consideration. Governor Reynolds, welcome and your story is a very impressive one. I was the chairman of the county of 1.2 million people, 1.3 your population. And what you talk about resonates with somebody like me hands on trying to make sure things work. Right. I will has a population design standard of 3.2 for million people and you've got a state workforce of 16,700 full-time employees. Is that correct? That's correct? Yes. Now of course with respect to the federal government, we're talking about 2.4 million. So there it's not only a matter of scale. I mean we're just talking about very different kinds of entities. That doesn't mean we can't learn from a state like Iowa. But I do think that the challenges we face at the federal level are formidable different than what we face in my county or your state. As I said, it doesn't mean we can't learn from it at all. And I listen carefully to you. Is my understanding correct that in order to effectuate the reforms you probably championed today, you put on the payroll your wealthiest donor who came in and decided what agencies to abolish, which cabinet members were to go, how many people would it be fired, and other kinds of decision making that was imbued with him or her. Is that how you did it in Iowa? Your wealthiest donor took that lead. No, that's a complete misstatement. And first of all, we did it without any layoffs whatsoever. We made that commitment when we moved into our room. No layoffs. Absolutely no layoffs. Well, I was able to eliminate 600 open positions that had been open for over a year. But through the transition process and what we've been able to accomplish, we did that right now without laying off any state of choice. Excuse me, because my time is limited governor, I don't mean to be interrupting you. But so the idea that your wealthiest donor kind of shepherded it all of this is false. So we're listening in there as a House committee is talking about the size of the federal government. But right now, I do want to head over here live as House Democrats are now holding their meeting after the Republicans did theirs. We're going to listen it. And Republicans in control, America will be less safe and more expensive. We are less safe because an unelected billionaire with controversial ties to China has access to personal information for every American, including potentially tax and social security information. We're less safe because President Trump released violent criminals into our communities. Some with records of domestic violence, rape, and attacking police officers. We are less safe because hundreds of FBI agents are on the verge of being fired for not being sufficiently loyal to Donald Trump. Women who serve in the military are less safe today because of an executive order Donald Trump signed preventing them from traveling across state lines to seek abortion care. America is more safe because America is more expensive because egg prices are at an all time high. And Republicans in Congress have not taken a single step to reduce the cost of living. The reckless Republican tariffs will increase costs for households by $1,200 each year. Everything from groceries to alcohol to lumber used to build homes will be more expensive. The Republican ripoff will increase health care costs by stealing from Medicaid to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. The American people voted for solutions to their economic challenges and instead got a corrupt White House and an America that is less safe and more expensive. Vice President Luton. Thank you, Chairman Aguilar. Leader Jeffries has laid out a ten-point plan to fight back against the lawless actions of the Trump administration. That plan has three themes. There's going to be a legislative strategy, a mobilization strategy, and a litigation strategy. To that end, over 25 lawsuits have already been filed. We expect that a number of these actions by the Trump administration will be reversed because all the courts have to do is follow the law. And in fact, if you look at what happened, a number of Trump actions have been stopped or the administration has simply voted. The administration wants you to think that they are invincible, that they are just rolling right along and doing all these things. That is simply not true. A number of times they have been stopped and they have had it back down. So, for example, on the birthright citizenship order, a Reagan-appointed federal judge declared an unconstitutional put an injunction on it. And then with the OMB freeze memo, there was pushback from Democrats, from the American people, and they had to rescind that memo and a judge also declared that memo to be illegal. And then most recently, you saw Trump's signature issue, the tariffs, he backed down because of the reaction from the stock market, the reaction from the American people. Basically, Canada, are doing what they said they were already going to do. So essentially, Donald Trump simply voted on that issue. So, I want people to understand their power to shape public sentiment. And not only are the Trump administration's actions ludicrous, they are harming people. So, and on this example, in California, Donald Trump ordered the Army Corps engineers to release a whole bunch of water from these dams, when no one needed it. So, over 2 billion gallons of water have now been wasted in California. This water from the Northern California isn't even going down to Southern California. As long as you're going to evaporate, when farmers don't need it. And so, Republican Congressman David Valadeo is going to have an answer to his farmers, when in the summer months, they need water and they don't have enough. Those are the harmful actions of this administration. And I want people to understand that pushing back gets this administration too far. Thank you, Ted. Questions? Ryan? Well, Republicans just accused Democrats of being willing to shut down the government. If they don't get their way in terms of these negotiations and push back on Donald Trump. You mentioned the legislative component of your plan to push back against Trump. How far is your conference willing to go to try and prevent what you see as the usurping of congressional authority from Donald Trump? Could it lead to a government shutdown? Could it lead to the debt ceiling not being raised? Where, what is the strategy there? That's on our Republican colleagues. Look, we will meet with folks and we will try to find common ground where it is possible. But what we will not do is engage in an effort that gives Donald Trump money to direct our federal government that he has no plan to utilize or implement. When we pass something, and this is where I would just strenuously object with appropriations chair Tom Cole, who said appropriations isn't law, it's a directive of Congress. I think there's a number of past appropriations chairs who would disagree with that on both sides of the aisle. These, this is law. If we're going to pass law, we need to know that the law is followed. And it doesn't appear that House Republicans are in a position to push back against Donald Trump to protect vital funding that supports our communities. And if they aren't willing to do that, they should just be honest with this. And so we will meet with them. We will talk with them about funding government and the issues of the day. But I think it's pretty clear based on what happened in December, who they answered to. They answered to Donald Trump and Elon Musk. And so we need the certainty that the work, the legislative work that we do will actually be implemented in past. And if we find thoughtful partners on the other side who are willing to do that, we'll engage. Republicans control the White House, the Senate, and the House is completely on Republicans to not have a government shutdown. If they can't get the votes, they're the majority party. It is their fault. If there's a government shutdown. Mika, and some special guests. Thank you, thank you, Jack. I do want to ask, so I know at the same time that a lot of your members, and just now you mentioned, attempts to find common ground with the administration and Republicans while they're in power, I just want to get your reaction to one of your members, Congressman Elbry and Violin, these impeachment articles already. Do you think that's an appropriate step to take given that Trump's only been in all this now for two weeks? Well, it's not a focus of the caucus. Next, Cassie. Two questions for you on California focused with the governor on the Hill today. Are you hoping that these conversations is having leadership as well as being the White House will help with leveraging, you know, California's position and trying to get some of this wildfire aid? And then more broadly, you know, do you feel leader-foon and speaker Johnson are advocating their constitutional authority by allowing the president to step on Congress's authority and how are Democrats planning to push back on that? Uh, the, I'll take the first part. Vice Chair Lew and I were pleased and privileged to be able to join leader-juffries and Whip Clark, along with Brad Sherman and Judy Chu to tour the fire devastation in Palisades and Al Tadina. Our hope, our focus is to make sure that we help our fellow citizens, our Americans across the country, when there are disasters, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, all of that deserves an immediate response. We lift up the work that FEMA and the Army Corps are doing to help residents recover and rebuild. We need to keep the politics out of this and I think that there are a number of Republicans who feel the same way. Thankfully, we'll work in a process that meets the needs of the American public who are going through disasters no matter if they are in a blue state or a red state. So I appreciate the governor being here. It's important to talk about the needs that our residents have, that the residents of Southern California have from these recent, from this recent tragedy. And so we'll continue to work to deliver. On the second part, look, I think it's very clear. I mean, the Constitution is pretty clear, both on spending, as well as the role of Congress. And I do think that Speaker Johnson and Leader Thune are, you know, rushed to deliver as much as they can for President Trump. That is who they answer to, not their constituents or their conferences. But that's who they answer to. And so we see that in everything that they do, from deadlines to bills to the issues of the day. The vice chair mentioned this is on them to deliver funding bills and to deliver for the president. And if they can't do that, they have the votes to do that. We'll see if they can. Chad and Michael. Thank you, good morning. You talk about the pushback by Democrats and President Trump and some of the things the Republicans are trying to do. What is the appropriate approach? Is it to ask Senate Democrats to walk all nominees if possible? At least slow walk them? Is it to take over the streets of Washington, D.C.? And if that's the case, also why then, saying this is not a focus of the caucus on the articles of impeachment from Mr. Bray. I mean, it would seem that if you think that the administration is doing all these, dasperly things, that's something that the caucus wouldn't get to work. Or is that bad to revisit since this guys already been impeached twice and that didn't go to the Democrats' previous? I think the vice chair mentioned it. Our focus, I can't speak to Senate Democrats. It's a different press conference that they don't invite me to. But I think what the vice chair outlined is very clear. Like our focus is on, you know, outreach, mobilizing our communities, being responsive to our communities, litigation strategy, the vice chair laid out, you know, each time these executive orders come before the judges, they've been beaten back or they've been pulled back. Donald Trump does not have success in the court system. But I mean, that both governmentally and personally. So it's very clear that the litigation strategy will be one tool that we can use. And then we have legislative strategies. And I'll let the leader outline those in the coming days, but we need to forcefully ensure that Americans' data is protected and that no third party can walk into the treasury and start downloading information. And so we need to protect the public. That's what we're focused on. That's what House Democrats, this week are focused on. And we'll continue to work through those. I get the question. I get the question. I mean, the vice chair and I are here to talk on behalf of the Democratic caucus. I mean, the answer is still the same. This isn't a focus of the Democratic caucus. We've laid out our strategy, legislative litigation, you know, outreach and communication. And that continues to be the focus. If there are more focuses or if there are new ideas that we feel have the support of the caucus, you'll hear us talk about Michael. There are three or how do we do a small number of House Republicans to join you all to stop some of the cases going on. Have you all targeted any Republicans that members can speak to that you all can kind of communicate with whether it's a private to kind of discuss and get some some feelers on are there any Republicans who could, you know, bypass leadership, family leadership or kind of go against the Trump administration and survival primary to work with you on this one again. Are you all saying because they control all members of government that's up to them, leadership, every system, each of them, a few times that he invites three Republicans to join you on. You all are talking about the South of the Congress. Look, absolutely. In each of us enjoys relationships based on our committees and based on when we came to Congress, the Vice-Chairn, I came together 10 years ago with Republicans, some of the reasonable partners on the other side of the aisle who I've worked with on things have moved on, you know, retired and left this place. And that's unfortunate. But we will continue to have conversations, but what you highlight it is incredibly important. What Republicans say in the hallways and in the elevators is often very different than what they're comfortable, you know, saying and doing in front of a podium to push back against Donald Trump. And so we will highlight a time and time again that it only takes a couple. If you want to protect Americans data at the Treasury Department, join our efforts. If you want to ensure that essential cuts to education in the classroom are not implemented, join us. If you want to protect vital funding for people at nursing homes and young people that have health care, join us. We will engage and have conversations with them if it is around protecting funding and protecting our communities. Now that will not change. What we hope changes is colleagues on the other side of the aisle speaking out and speaking up that they oppose this. We haven't seen that yet, but we're always hopeful. Nick and Joe. I want to ask about the Senate. I'm doing. Do you want to see a more muscular response from the party to his agenda over there, where you still do have some leverage over Republicans? Look, same answer. I'll let the Senate speak to their processes and procedures and what tools they have. I can speak to ours that we have here in the House. This is a majority run institution and so this is a little different. But we will use the levers and the tools available to push back legislatively and to communicate our message about the policies that we see from Donald Trump and House Republicans making us less safe and not lowering costs that people pay. We'll continue to do that and we'll use the levers that we have here in the House to do it. You'll have to ask the folks on the other side of the dome what their tactics and strategies are. Joe. It's my understanding that he's talking to Judy Chu and Brad Sherman, the members who were affected by the tragedies. We all have a line in communication into the California team and so we'll continue to uplift their needs as they arise. We met with FEMA last week. We talked about how much is in the disaster recovery fund of what that looks like. They didn't give us an idea on the timing for a supplemental and where it's needed but they did stress the urgency and the importance of a disaster relief fund and how that is allocating payments to people who are affected. That all runs a risk on March 14th when government funding elapses when Donald Trump turned off the federal funding that also will have an effect on the female recovery efforts. So these are things that we're I'm confident that they have enough money in the short term to meet their needs. That FEMA has enough money in the short term to meet their needs. I can't speak to what is beyond that and the recovery because Congress is going to have to act and it's my hope that we do so in a bipartisan way just as we have in the past with disasters. So literally less than two months ago, Congress passed disaster aid to states such as Florida, South Carolina, Oklahoma. We have a very simple ask. Just treat California disaster victims the same as any other American. Do not treat California disaster victims any differently and we expect that Congress will do that and we look forward to having disaster aid pass as swiftly as possible. You mentioned mobilization as part of the strategy. What are you hearing from cross-retaquists from districts? Do you think there's fresh energy in Democrats here? I think that there's energy around the country, pushing back against some of these policies. We also need to channel that energy. We need to talk with our communities and folks in our communities about our efforts, our legislative efforts and the litigation efforts that are underway. We also need to encourage them. Look, I understand that the anger help us get a couple more folks to support our efforts. Just like we said before, we're only three votes away. Let's work to deliver votes that can push back, that can protect vital funding, that can ensure Americans personal information and is secure at the Treasury Department that can protect vital classroom funding from the Department of Education. That's what this is about. We're engaged in efforts to talk with members in our community about the importance of doing that. Is there any discussion in Congress meeting about the President's remarks last night? I'm Gaza and how does leadership feel about spending money from a sort of project? Shouldn't talk anybody that we don't run through everything that the President says in caucus to respond to? It did not come up, but it is very clear that what the President talked about would make our country less safe and invasion of U.S. troops into Gaza would not make Americans more safe. It would make Americans a target. But this is very clear. I mean, I'm going to just take a wild guess that the President's plans include hotels and resorts and casinos. That's just who he is. But this is not a thoughtful strategy that would keep Americans safe or reduce our defense department costs. Back last one. Is there any preparation of the uncompleted network with Democratic-Origant 20 people? Look, we're focused on the future here. Our job is to build a big coalition that meets the needs of the American public, keeps people safe, lowers costs that every day Americans face. That's what House Democrats are focused on. We welcome anyone and everyone to be part of our coalition in order to do that. But what we will continue to talk about is House Republicans have no strategy. There's no bill on the floor that reduces the costs that Americans face. Nothing that they have outlined would lower grocery prices make rents more affordable, housing more affordable. That's not what Republicans are doing. That's what the American public wants. And so we welcome everyone to be part of our coalition that talks about these issues that people care about. Let me just follow up to what Chairman Aguilar said. This weekend I went to the grocery store with my wife and there were no eggs on the shelves. So the American people want solutions that help them in their lives. Make their prices lower, make sure they have the items that they need at grocery stores. None of this chaos coming from the Trump administration is helping families across America. That's one reason the administration backed down a number of these orders because the administration is not popular. A reminder that Donald Trump won less than half of the popular vote. Donald Trump starts out, according to a Gallup poll, at 47% approval. The lowest of any president since the 1950s. And that's one reason he voted on terrorists. He voted on a freeze memo that his birthright issue was blocked by the courts because he does not have a mandate. No matter how much he tries because he's just not that popular. Thank you. So right there, the House Democrats have just wrapped up their weekly briefing talking about President Trump's agenda pushing back on what we just heard from the Republican House leadership right there. That has now ended. We're going to step away for a two minute break here on live now from Fox continuing to monitor a number of live events that we're going to head to. Including this one right here. This is a live look right here from Washington, DC. This is a rally that is set to get underway. And it's a rally involving members of Congress and former US AID as well as State Department and Department of Defense officials. They are pushing back on the attacks they call it on USAID and foreign assistance. That's taking place right now.
